- [meeting notes March 27, 2022](#org79ce36a)
  - [the raku study group](#orgb4a6155)
  - ["Raku, Rust and Tidyverse"](#org2fb50c9)
    - [Docker image to use raku with rstudio](#org16131f8)
    - [<https://github.com/sumanstats/rakurstudio>](#orgcf4ed3e)
  - [an issue with "p6c" ecosystem](#orge7c535d)
  - [announcements](#org2ca2f80)
    - [April 10th: next raku study group meeting](#orgff3e44f)
    - [June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference](#org9f50f85)


<a id="org79ce36a"></a>

# meeting notes March 27, 2022


<a id="orgb4a6155"></a>

## the raku study group


<a id="org2fb50c9"></a>

## "Raku, Rust and Tidyverse"


<a id="org16131f8"></a>

### Docker image to use raku with rstudio


<a id="orgcf4ed3e"></a>

### <https://github.com/sumanstats/rakurstudio>


<a id="orge7c535d"></a>

## an issue with "p6c" ecosystem

<https://www.reddit.com/r/rakulang/comments/tdui4t/support_arbitrary_git_urls_as_raku_module/> <https://www.reddit.com/r/rakulang/comments/tdui4t/support_arbitrary_git_urls_as_raku_module/i0m7yah/>


<a id="org2ca2f80"></a>

## announcements


<a id="orgff3e44f"></a>

### April 10th: next raku study group meeting

1.  the week **before** easter


<a id="org9f50f85"></a>

### June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference
