- [meeting notes March 13, 2022](#org9676d37)
  - [the raku study group](#org9017673)
  - [usual links to the meeting material](#org02d3d01)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/notes/meetingmar13.md>](#org61bf306)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022mar13>](#org135c246)
  - [raku script to append filename suffixes](#org3a2cc37)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022mar13/tagger.taku>](#orgfcb7984)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/talks/file_metadata>](#orga3c1ead)
  - [announcements](#org281b38b)
    - [March 27th: next raku study group meeting](#org2903829)
    - [June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference](#orgc8b48d4)


<a id="org9676d37"></a>

# meeting notes March 13, 2022


<a id="org9017673"></a>

## the raku study group


<a id="org02d3d01"></a>

## usual links to the meeting material


<a id="org61bf306"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/notes/meetingmar13.md>


<a id="org135c246"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022mar13>


<a id="org3a2cc37"></a>

## raku script to append filename suffixes


<a id="orgfcb7984"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022mar13/tagger.taku>


<a id="orga3c1ead"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/talks/file_metadata>


<a id="org281b38b"></a>

## announcements


<a id="org2903829"></a>

### March 27th: next raku study group meeting


<a id="orgc8b48d4"></a>

### June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference
