- [meeting notes January 02, 2022](#org167253e)
  - [the raku study group](#org3e8d747)
    - [Raku your data, roll your thoughts](#org0e500ad)
  - [usual links](#orga65bdc8)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/notes/meeting_2022jan02.md>](#orgb6018e5)
    - [<https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022jan02>](#orgf03f518)
  - [topicettes](#org9d0caa2)
    - [custom associatives](#org19880f1)
    - [new work on thread libraries for perl5](#org78171a6)
    - [also perl5: new release PDL](#org223e099)
    - [jonathan worthington, cro-ing](#org739d96f)
    - [future topicettes:](#orgef09a83)
    - [bill had questions about mutating operations](#org20bb0ea)
  - [announcments](#orge9920f2)
    - [January 6th: svlug: I'll be talking about Raku](#org8d9e68c)
    - [January 16th: next raku study group meeting](#orge8e375c)
    - [February 5-6: FOSDEM Raku talks](#org7754651)
    - [June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference](#org120e781)


<a id="org167253e"></a>

# meeting notes January 02, 2022


<a id="org3e8d747"></a>

## the raku study group


<a id="org0e500ad"></a>

### Raku your data, roll your thoughts


<a id="orga65bdc8"></a>

## usual links


<a id="orgb6018e5"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/blob/main/notes/meeting_2022jan02.md>


<a id="orgf03f518"></a>

### <https://github.com/doomvox/raku-study/tree/main/bin/2022jan02>


<a id="org9d0caa2"></a>

## topicettes


<a id="org19880f1"></a>

### custom associatives

1.  brad gilbert write-up:

    1.  <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63050032/can-i-write-an-object-that-behaves-like-a-hash/63059286#63059286>

2.  secret documentation

    1.  <https://docs.raku.org/language/subscripts#Methods_to_implement_for_associative_subscripting>
    
    2.  <https://docs.raku.org/language/classtut#index-entry-BUILD>
    
    3.  <https://docs.raku.org/language/objects#index-entry-TWEAK>


<a id="org78171a6"></a>

### new work on thread libraries for perl5

1.  <https://metacpan.org/pod/Thread::Csp>

2.  <https://www.reddit.com/r/perl/comments/rrayau/new_threading_library_for_perl/>

3.  commnicating sequential processes

    1.  <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communicating_sequential_processes>
    
    2.  <https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~crary/819-f09/Hoare78.pdf>


<a id="org223e099"></a>

### also perl5: new release PDL

1.  <https://metacpan.org/pod/PDL>


<a id="org739d96f"></a>

### jonathan worthington, cro-ing

1.  <https://raku-advent.blog/2021/12/19/let-it-cro/>


<a id="orgef09a83"></a>

### future topicettes:

1.  getting sets to DWIM

    <https://donaldh.wtf/2021/01/if-sets-would-dwim/>


<a id="org20bb0ea"></a>

### bill had questions about mutating operations

1.  push, pop, ++

2.  inconsistent? should they all be non-mutating?


<a id="orge9920f2"></a>

## announcments


<a id="org8d9e68c"></a>

### January 6th: svlug: I'll be talking about Raku

1.  <https://www.meetup.com/SVPerl/events/xjdzdsydccbjb/>


<a id="orge8e375c"></a>

### January 16th: next raku study group meeting


<a id="org7754651"></a>

### February 5-6: FOSDEM Raku talks

1.  <https://www.reddit.com/r/rakulang/comments/rsua3p/raku_talks_at_fosdem/>


<a id="org120e781"></a>

### June 21-25: tprc: perl/raku conference

1.  <https://perlconference.us/tprc-2022-hou/>
